fix(docs/typescript): provide example how to use middlewares with #1565 (#1578)
pmndrs/zustand: docs/guides/typescript.md

}
```

If you want to use middlewares with your store:

```ts
import { createStore } from 'zustand/vanilla'
import { devtools } from 'zustand/middleware'

export const vanillaBearStore = createStore<BearState>()(
  devtools((set, getState) => ({
    ...initialBearState,
    increase: (by) => set((state) => ({ bears: state.bears + by })),
  }))
)
```

> For the extra parantheses please see [this](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand/blob/main/docs/guides/typescript.md#basic-usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about why there are extra parentheses,
please see the [Basic usage section](#basic-usage).
```
